By installing and/or using using Monex("Software") containing this software, you agree that this End User User License Agreement (EULA) is a legally binding and valid contract and agree to be bound by it. You agree to abide by the intellectual property laws and all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Your use of Monexindicates your acceptance of this license agreement and warranty.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Digit Leaf, LLC grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without right to sub-license, to use Monex in accordance with this Agreement and any other written agreement. We do not transfer the title of Monex to you; the license granted to you is not a sale. This agreement is a binding legal agreement between Digit Leaf, LLC and the purchasers or users of iSaveMoney.
If you do not agree to be bound by this agreement, remove Monexfrom your device.
Monex and the license herein granted shall not be copied, shared, distributed, re-sold, offered for re-sale, transferred or sub-licensed in whole or in part except that you may make one copy for archive purposes only. 
You shall use Monex in compliance with all applicable laws and not for any unlawful purpose. 
This Software contains copyrighted material, trade secrets and other proprietary material. You shall not, and shall not attempt to, modify, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile Monex1. Nor can you create any derivative works or other works that are based upon or derived from Monexin whole or in part.
Digit Leaf, LLC's name, logo and graphics file that represents Monexshall not be used in any way to promote products developed with Monex. Monex retains sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in and to Monex and all Intellectual Property rights relating there to.
Copyright law and international copyright treaty provisions protect all parts of Monex, products and services. No program, code, part, image, audio sample, or text may be copied or used in any way by the user except as intended within the bounds of the single user program. All rights not expressly granted hereunder are reserved for Digit Leaf, LLC.
3.4 Limitation of Responsibility
You will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Monex, its employees, agents and distributors against any and all claims, proceedings, demand and costs resulting from or in any way connected with your use of Monex.
In no event (including, without limitation, in the event of negligence) will Monex, its employees, agents or distributors be liable for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of use, business interruption, loss of information or data, or pecuniary loss), in connection with or arising out of or related to this Agreement, Monexor the use or inability to use Monexor the furnishing, performance or use of any other matters hereunder whether based upon contract, tort or any other theory including negligence.
Except as expressly stated in writing, Monex makes no representation or warranties in respect of this Software and expressly excludes all other warranties, expressed or implied, oral or written, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantable quality or fitness for a particular purpose.
This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the United States applicable therein. You hereby irrevocably attorn and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of United States therefrom. If any provision shall be considered unlawful, void or otherwise unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this License and not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions.
Any failure to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement will result in automatic and immediate termination of this license. Upon termination of this license granted herein for any reason, you agree to immediately cease use of Monexand destroy all copies of Monex supplied under this Agreement. 
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY: THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE SOLD "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. THIS DISCLAIMER CONCERNS ALL FILES GENERATED AND EDITED BY Monex AS WELL.
You agree that Monex may collect and use information gathered in any manner as part of the product support services provided to you, if any, related to Monex, may also use this information to provide notices to you which may be of use or interest to you.
Monex is not responsible for data lost/exposed/used due to the nature of the Internet and digital environments, including illegal actions of hackers and
criminals, technical malfunctions of servers and database etc. These are the accepted risks of our Users and users of the Internet in general. You are agreeing to this standard in using our app. Your data is saved locally on your device, we are not able to back up the data.
